New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/context-of-use/context-of-use.md

---
Title: 'Context of Use'
Description: 'The context of use describes the environment and conditions under which a product or design will be used.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The _context of use_ describes the environment and conditions under which a product or design will be used.

[User experience (UX) design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/ux-design) considers the entire experience around a product or service, taking into account the user's emotional state, the context of use or environment, and the designed system or artifact.

> ![A Venn diagram of the intersection of three circles: Context, User, and System, with User Experience (UX) at the center.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/what-are-ui-ux-design/ux-venn-diagram.svg)

Reviewer: Let's store the `ux-venn-diagram.svg` in the [**media/** directory](https://github.com/js6450/docs/tree/main/media) and then make the following edit:

```suggestion
![A Venn diagram of the intersection of three circles: Context, User, and System, with User Experience (UX) at the center.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/ux-venn-diagram.svg)
```

Reviewer: Let's do this for any images going forward 😄

Reviewer 2: Resolving per [this](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/commit/85b3f4adf4015d22769280fe2db1852c51d848d9) inclusion to `content-standards.md`
